---
Title: estonia
---
This morning I had an interview with an Estonian company. 

There was some early confusion with the call. Regina and Maris were trapped somewhere in a "virtual lobby", leaving me alone with Jana, a homely representative of Quality Assurance. Her floral blouse differed only slightly from the wallpaper, causing each movement at the keyboard to set pale, drooping tulips into convulsions over a field of grey daffodils. We eyed one other nervously. 

Jana tried to understand why I had an American accent but quickly grew impatient with the delay and suggested we reboot the call. By the time I made it back inside, all three were present—arguing between languages about the derelict infrastructure of their new lives. The violence and unpredictability of their high, tinny voices excited me, hinting at a feral energy beneath that restrained Baltic capital. The thought of being chased down narrow alleyways and up onto the rooftops overwhelmed me, driven across slick terra cotta tiles as packs of them hummed and whistled to one another at my heels. Maris broke my reverie with a few questions about gambling and Javascript, belaboring a distinction between "tables" and "slots" that evaded me.

Jokes in English earned only a weary grimace from Jana, but the first mention of snow sent her into a sudden frenzy of phonetic improvisation, producing what I later learned to call a voiced uvular trill. My look of dismay prompted shrieks of laughter from Regina and Maris. The joke, they explained, wouldn’t translate. 

With the earlier tension now forgotten, the three women took turns performing in the style of the national humor, which seemed to rely solely on an elaborate pantomime of frustration. Some engineered conversational slight, a terse comment or poorly timed response, was met with ragged expulsions of air and arms thrown skyward by the other two—their taut, pale faces swiveling from side to side in disbelief as the perpetrator shook with laughter. These scenes started and stopped almost at random, as if divorced from the content of the interview, which by now was picking over the same few questions with increasing desperation.

Significantly younger than Jana, Maris brought her tortured fluency to bear on the company’s relocation package, though Regina quickly cut in to share an anecdote about the country’s ceaseless wind. Unlike the others, her strange phrases always tended toward the suggestive, assuring me that I would ”receive some pleasure” in moving to Tallinn. In another window, I clicked through pictures of the city to confirm her suspicion, imagining strolls through the lamplight beside my sweet, provincial Regina, who never once managed to turn on her webcam. 

"Oh!" she remembered as the call ended, "I need my carrot pie."
